Kneel before me
Strict three beeps
I'll think about it.
You can't Gu Yiming, you can't shut up.
OK
Gong Yiming
Ah, for a woman
Call me back and call me again
Gu Yiming
No, Gu Yiming
Don't fight anymore
I beg you to stop calling
Sorry ghost
It's all me who implicated you
Sorry.
I'm fine.
Can the big hearts be released now?
I'm just saying think about it.
I didn't say I had to touch you
You and I wait once.
I beg you, I beg you to stop
I beg you
Since your love is so easy
Let's play a game
Stop playing
As long as you let him go
I'm at your disposal
At my disposal
Sounds pretty exciting
That being the case
I'm not leaving
Gu Yisecond, why do you make a decision for me?
I-I'm not going anywhere
I'm going to stand here with you
You're not leaving.
Go quickly